Review OS requirements (#4203)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/ref_system-requirements-quickstart.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE

[id="system-requirements"]
= System requirements

> //The requirements in this section must match the full requirements in the installation guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// The requirements in this section must match the full requirements in the installation guide.
```

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE

[id="system-requirements"]
= System requirements

//The requirements in this section must match the full requirements in the installation guide.
The following list shows the most critical requirements common for most scenarios.
For a full list, see {InstallingServerDocURL}[_{InstallingServerDocTitle}_].

* The following operating systems are supported for deploying {Project}:
+

> .Operating systems supported for deploying {Project}

Reviewer 2: On https://theforeman.org/manuals/3.15/quickstart_guide.html we have a simple bullet list instead of a table. Do we really need a full table for 2 columns?

[options="header"]
|====
| Operating system | Architecture

> ifdef::foreman-el,katello,orcharhino[]
> | {EL} 9 | x86_64 only
> endif::[]
> ifdef::satellite[]
> | {RHEL} 9 | x86_64 only
> endif::[]

Reviewer 2: The `{EL}` macro expands to `{RHEL}` on Satellite
```suggestion
ifdef::foreman-el,katello,orcharhino,satellite[]
| {EL} 9 | x86_64 only
endif::[]
```

Or just write
```suggestion
ifndef::foreman-deb[]
| {EL} 9 | x86_64 only
endif::[]
```

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE

[id="system-requirements"]
= System requirements

The following operating systems are supported for deploying {Project}:

.Operating systems supported for deploying {Project}
[options="header"]
|====
| Operating system | Architecture
ifdef::foreman-el,katello,orcharhino[]
| {EL} 9 | x86_64 only
endif::[]
ifdef::satellite[]
| {RHEL} 9 | x86_64 only
endif::[]
ifdef::foreman-deb[]
| Debian 12 (Bookworm) | amd64
| Ubuntu 22.04 (Jammy) | amd64
endif::[]
|====

ifdef::foreman-el,katello,orcharhino[]
Installing {Project} on a system with Extra Packages for Enterprise Linux (EPEL) is not supported.
endif::[]

The installation requires {project-minimum-memory} of memory.

> This guide assumes that you have a newly installed operating system, on which the installer will setup Foreman, a Puppet server, and the Smart Proxy by default.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This guide assumes that you have a newly installed operating system.
The installer sets up Foreman, a Puppet server, and the Smart Proxy by default.
```
